so hello my name is Julian Garrity I'm
the creative director on the crew and
when we revealed the crew at e3 we
talked about massive open world the
recreation of the states and the
customization options as well as the
seamless multiplayer online features
today at Gamescom what we're doing is
we're showing a little bit more detail
about the RPG features so here we've
just joined two players who are driving
around a mine in New York State and
they're doing a little scale a twenty
second challenge that they're doing
together so we've got two players racing
around and the idea of this skill is to
stay as precisely as possible on this
line we can use any part of event our
environment to do that now our main
player pool is driving a dirt
version a dirt class if you will in RPG
terms of his Camaro
now he's just finished it he got a
bronze medal got some cash got some XP
and even got a part now that part what
we're gonna do is we're gonna go back up
to the satellite view fast travel to New
York and with fast traveling and that's
gonna be a function that's available to
people to use once they've unlocked it
because we want to keep people in the
game now what's waiting first in New
York does the HQ and the HQ is our RPG
hub this pot that we've just won we're
gonna apply it directly onto this car
this current vehicle that we're driving
which is a little bit like your
character no not
so we'll grab that part we'll strip the
body away
we'll go see inside the engine
MotoCorp we can play around with that
we'll apply this new part we'll see how
it affects our performance you can see
that it's doing is some good and we can
even play around with that see how the
engines working see how the physics the
chassis reacts that to this new part we
can do that with every single one of the
eleven part puzzle that each car is
composed on so it doesn't only allow us
to have the aesthetic options but also
the performance options now that we've
done that we're going to slip back to
another character class we're going to
choose the Camaro again but in terms of
a street car now street cars are great
in terms of handling and they have a
decent enough speed to allow you to be
really competitive
during street races and as Val races in
general so we're going to take the same
model of the car if it's available
I came out state
there it is and you can see it slower
it's not as wide it's not as high up
doesn't have the same sort of tires or
chassis on it too
let's do a little bit of a aesthetic
customization maybe with the rims these
rims are cool but I think we can find
something at just a tad fancier
there you go happy with that let's go
for it
let's go out and maybe do a skill in New
York maybe a slant on scale something
that people haven't seen
reckless driving and effect streets of
Brooklyn
so there are the skills popping up
different challenges different events
there were hundreds and hundreds of
different skills and hundreds of
different races thousands of
collectables this world is packed with
different things to look and see and do
together or by yourself of course so
they're still driving together and this
skill is a slam skill each gate now I've
seen a lot of people play this and just
bomb as fast as possible that's not the
way to get the best scores best way to
get the best scores is to control
exactly your trajectory so it's that
sweet spot between avoiding traffic
handling and speed knowing when to hit
the floor
again 20 seconds multiplier keeps going
up just finished it
rewarded with cash XP cash is going to
be used to find new cars by parts XP is
going to be used to level up your player
for progression and even get a new heart
but instead of applying that part what
we're going to do is we're going to show
you how we can even skip going to the HQ
to change your car we're going to open
up the smartphone and choose a different
class of vehicle a raid classic vehicle
now these are inspired by having decker
vehicles and they're built for
punishment the next race that we're
going to do is all about complete
creative offroad
it's located in the Midwest I think it's
just north of st. Louis it's not just
North in st. Louie it's quite a drive
away from st. Loup there goes my
geography of the United States we use
the satellite the fast travel again is
it if we would have drive there would
take about an hour and a half which is
fun to drive and there we go
two cars this is pure race completely
offroad each checkpoint is separated by
about thirty seconds 40 seconds you can
imagine an endurance race something
that's much much bigger which will have
a lot more potential for creative
off-road driving you trying to find the
path to this next checkpoint that's five
or ten minutes away and that sort of
thing is definitely possible with a
world as big as I spin this very desires
so from city streets to an off-road mine
with dirt tracks here we're doing
something that's
off-road on streets through dividers
oncoming traffic
there you go
so the crew is exclusive to next-gen and
high-end pcs so Xbox one ps4 PC and it's
coming out early 2014